Add a tutorial demonstrating how to display plots in Optuna-Dashboard (#81)
optuna/optunahub: docs/source/index.rst

Author: I only added tutorial for OptunaHub because tutorial of OptunaHub-Registry is already mentioned.

`OptunaHub <https://hub.optuna.org/>`__ is a registry of third-party packages designed for `Optuna <https://optuna.org>`__.
It allows users to share and discover Optuna packages that are not included in the official Optuna distribution.

> The `optunahub <https://github.com/optuna/optunahub/>`_ library provides Python APIs to load and use packages from the OptunaHub registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `optunahub <https://github.com/optuna/optunahub/>`__ library provides Python APIs to load and use packages from the OptunaHub registry.
```

> Here is `tutorial <./tutorials/index.html>`__  for OptunaHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check out `the OptunaHub tutorial <./tutorials/index.html>`__  as well.
```
